docs: document pluginOptionsSchema (#27337)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/configuring-usage-with-plugin-options.md

**Note**: Themes (which are a type of plugin) are able to receive options from a site's `gatsby-config` to be used in its `gatsby-config` in order to allow themes to be composed together. This is done by exporting the `gatsby-config` as a function instead of an object. You can see an example of this in the [`gatsby-theme-blog`](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/themes/tree/master/packages/gatsby-theme-blog) and [`gatsby-theme-blog-core`](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/themes/tree/master/packages/gatsby-theme-blog-core) repositories. Plugins are not capable of this functionality.

> ## How to validate options

Reviewer: One thing that isn't totally clear to me: Is it adding option validation a requirement or a suggestion? What happens if they don't add validation?

> A Gatsby plugin can define a [Joi](https://joi.dev) schema for their options using the `pluginOptionsSchema` API in `gatsby-node.js`. Gatsby validates that the options users of the plugin pass to it match the schema.

Reviewer: It would be great to reframe this paragraph to highlight the value add of option validation. Why might plugin authors want to add option validation? Does validation make things easier for plugin users or plugin authors?

I'm imagining something like "In order to make your plugin easier to use, you can define a Joi schema to enforce data types for each plugin option. To create a schema, you can use the pluginOptionsSchema API in your gatsby-node.js file."

I don't know if that exact content is accurate, so feel free to make adjustments. My main thought is that we should add something to help users decide if this is something they should use or not.

> A Gatsby plugin can define a [Joi](https://joi.dev) schema for their options using the `pluginOptionsSchema` API in `gatsby-node.js`. Gatsby validates that the options users of the plugin pass to it match the schema.

Reviewer: Also is there a separate doc for the `pluginOptionsSchema` API that we can link to here?

Author: Not yet! That's going to be the next step after this 👍

> For example, here is what the schema for `gatsby-plugin-console-log` looks like:

Reviewer: Yay, love an example!

> In order to make configuration easier for users, plugins can optionally define a [Joi](https://joi.dev) schema to enforce data types for each option using the [`pluginOptionsSchema` API](/docs/node-apis/#pluginOptionsSchema) in `gatsby-node.js`. Gatsby validates that the options users of the plugin pass to it match the schema.

Reviewer: Trying to make the last sentence a little clearer

```suggestion
In order to make configuration easier for users, plugins can optionally define a [Joi](https://joi.dev) schema to enforce data types for each option using the [`pluginOptionsSchema` API](/docs/node-apis/#pluginOptionsSchema) in `gatsby-node.js`. When users of the plugin pass in configuration options, Gatsby will validate that the options match the schema.
```

```javascript:title=plugins/gatsby-plugin-console-log/gatsby-node.js
exports.pluginOptionsSchema = ({ Joi }) => {
  return Joi.object({
    optionA: Joi.boolean().required(),
    message: Joi.string().required().default(`default message`),
    optionB: Joi.boolean(),
  })
}
```

> This ensures users pass a boolean to `optionA` and `optionB`, and a string to `message`. It also defaults the `message` option to "default message" in case users do not pass their own.

Reviewer: What happens when the validation fails? Is that something a user has to fix or the plugin author?

Author: The user has to adapt their configuration of the plugin! For example, if the error is "optionA is required", then the user would have to add `optionA: true/false` to it 👍

> This ensures users pass a boolean to `optionA` and `optionB`, and a string to `message`. It also defaults the `message` option to "default message" in case users do not pass their own.

Reviewer: This is great. I love that it gives context to the example, to guide the reader's attention to the important bits 👏
